yup YouTube's bestiality for here and
I'm gonna give you a little small
tutorial on a cobblestone generator this
is pretty much the end of it and I have
visual steps up there and then at the
end I will make one pretty fast as you
can see here it works pretty good this
is my multiplayer cobblestone generator
if you don't make one in single-player I
do not suggest using this there are much
better ones out there this is very good
for multiplayer though as you can see
you hit the cobble water will push it
down here and you collect now there's a
really pretty much a six step process
the last one is optional first one is
you want to make a 5-line 5x5 block
square right here don't fall in the
middle yet now after you're done that on
the corner you want the cobble to come
out well and you don't that block and
you put four in the other side the other
corner and you leave the leave almost
v-shape open and after that you make a
second layer you just pause during like
yeah just pause if you just want the
visual and you know it's all good and so
you make the second layer you know and
pretty much you skip the first two and
the middle one right there and you just
put over everything else and this is a
very easy step and you have as you can
see here damn it's 20 million but as you
can see here you have just the same
thing and you place it here and this
would be good for the water and as you
can see here you just place the water in
those two holes over there and then you
want to make another level and you
literally just except for those two
you're gonna just cover everything and
don't cover the middle and then after
that this is pretty much and then you
put the lava on this block or at the end
over here what am i doing what am i
doing I can see you put the lava right
here
this is a finished one but I prefer this
as you cover up the lava and if you herp
and derp like me a lot I am you fall
into lava a little bit okay that's just
a little bit more safer as you can see
here this is completely just like that
now just to make it as you can see here
I actually made a video but because
fraps I totally forgot I didn't have my
speaker on and not just over
yeah alright five I thought I could talk
5x5 block hit the middle get the two
like that alright and then you want to
make another level is if it is a very
simple very simple very simple a couple
of generator and then you want to hit
the two squares of Keener put the water
in cover everything but the two over
there and the middle done is a very
simple very fast and then you had the
completed thing and if you want the
optional step cover up the lava and you
have your custom generator now that's
pretty much of that and hope you guys
enjoyed this rate comment subscribe if
you guys like LPS I make an okay one I'm
gonna promise anything like dude bo2
fishy though you know the big boys in
the house but you know there's just a
little tutorial helping people out also
I suggest putting this into a wall so
it's not all bulky and looks out but
it's compact and if you put into a wall
it's literally just these two hanging
out yeah the water and it's really nice
it's really good-looking and yeah it
says eat silently for here's signing off